# Water-Light-Show---CS207
Abstract: Some people may consider the speaker one of the greatest inventions ever made and that is used literally everywhere in our modern day society. Everywhere you go speakers can be found whether it’s used for listing to music, in your telephones, for medical reasons like hearing aids, and for many others. It is no surprise that the speaker is used in so many different ways and places but what else can be do with these wonderful pieces of technology. The easiest answer to that is to find a way to modernize this piece of technology and give it some flare by using skills in programming to bring it to the next level. This proposal is asking for the permission to conduct a project where we use modern technology of an Arduino to add lights and water to go along with a basic old speaker to give you a full on light and water show of a lifetime. The overall idea for the complete project is to have an Arduino powered by a battery pack so it can be taken wherever it is needed. For easy accessibility will have an auxiliary port so all phones or devices can be connected to play music through the sounds system. From here there will be a code written that will take the audio from the user’s device and sync lights to the music as well as a few water pumps. When all is done music should be played through the speaker well the Arduino takes the music and processes it into code that can then be sued to make lights and the water pumps go off synced to the music.

Instalation: First thing you need to do is make sure you have both the arduino software and processing on your computer. Secondly create a folder for your project and put both the processing codes for the lsitener and the project code into that new folder. Create a folder in that folder called "data" because that is where you put the MP3 files to be read.Now follow the build at this website for setting up your hardware.

http://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Make-LEDs-Flash-to-Music-with-an-Arduino/step3/Program-your-Arduino/

This will change once we do more changes but for now this is what we used as a start to the project.

NOw make sure to have the libraries lsited both the Arduino, Minum in the Processing libraries folder.

